When he's ready
Clean up here
Don't talk nonsense.
Don't worry, sir
Mr. Su, I'm sorry
It's my fault
Did not handle the hospital camera
let
Let Miss Shi know my identity
Old Song
It doesn't matter if it's wrong.
Just change it.
Ask Mr. Su to break the law
Before Xiaohui's surgery
Never let Yingying know your background
Since he wants to check
Let's give him a life experience
From now on
You are his biological father
i
It was you who dealt with them one by one back then
It was you who was seen by the farmer
He must have thought you were his biological father
You go against the tide
Let him be your daughter
And then convince him to be his own father
Give the last moment to Xiao Wang
Mr. Si, I'm not discussing this with you.
It's fate.
Let's go, I'll take you to see Song Yanjiao